[docs] Documentation fixes (logging and profiling) (#40915)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/ray-observability/user-guides/debug-apps/optimize-performance.rst

.. _`profiling module`: https://docs.python.org/3/library/profile.html#module-cProfile

cProfile's detailed list of profiled function calls
**includes** internal function calls and function calls made within Ray.

> cProfile can be enabled with minimal changes to your application code (given that each section of the code you want

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enable cProfile with minimal changes to your app code, given that each section of the code you want
```

> to profile is defined as its own function). To use cProfile, add an import

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to profile is defined as its own function. To use cProfile, add an import
```
